Sprint info (#47)
pymc-devs/pymc-data-umbrella: sprint/index.md

# Sprint info

:::{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
:hidden:

> self

Reviewer: I didn't know about `self` in toctrees! This is amazing :heart:

sprint-guide
sprint-cheatsheet
faq
resources
:::

::::{div} sd-fs-5
:::{tip}
* **Wondering if the sprint is for you?** We have got just {ref}`the page <decision_tree>`
* **Ready to contribute?** Go to {ref}`docstring_tutorial` page
:::
::::

(sprint)=

> # Sprint
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Open Source Working Sessions

```

> # Open Source Working Sessions

Reviewer: I would use only a single level 1 heading. Maybe move this to be the top heading and keep the others as level 2 (maybe removing the `Sprint -` start they all have?)

Data Umbrella is organizing a series of open source working sessions to contribute to the PyMC project. For more information, see {ref}`Resources <resources>` section.

## Sprint - Goals

In this sprint we’re focusing on bringing in new contributors, we sincerely hope this will be a welcoming, inclusive experience for you into the world of open source software. We hope to help you to the best of our abilities and learn from you as well!
The sprint will consist of small resolvable issues and contributing to the PyMC documentation, so if you aren’t experienced in software development no worries at all, you can contribute to documentation with knowledge of markdown or statistics.

> Here’s the fun part, we’ll be giving away stickers, mugs and the Bayesian Computation book by PyMC Developers Ravin, Junpeng and Osvaldo!!! Find the schedule and all other details {ref}`here <current_sprint>`.

Reviewer: This needs to be updated. I am not sure we'll be giving away another example of the book. As this is one of the static pages, I'd probably change it to "giveaways" or something like this so it is vague and then describe the specific things they will get in the schedule page as a 2nd section or something like this

## Sprint - Requirements

- Get your laptop, and some stable internet connection!
- Working knowledge of terminal and git
- Setup a python virtual environment beforehand!
- Other than these two you can make different kinds of contributions with different skill sets, for example:
  - You can contribute to documentation with knowledge of markdown and maybe some basic statistics
  - You can contribute to CI/CD issues or Python issues with basic knowledge of programming
  - You can contribute to core codebase with knowledge of Python + Bayesian Statistics

>   - Note: [Check the sprint cheat sheet](https://pymc-data-umbrella.xyz/en/latest/about/decision_tree.html#your-sprint-cheat-sheet) to know a suitable area of contribution and some resources to prepare you for it

Reviewer: This should be a sphinx cross-reference

```suggestion
  - Note: {ref}`Check the sprint cheat sheet <decision_tree>` to know a suitable area of contribution and some resources to prepare you for it
```
